.TH NotificaThor 1 "27 March 2013" "%%VERSION%%"


.SH NAME
NotificaThor - Highly configurable on screen displays for X.



.SH SYNOPSIS
notificathor
.BI "[-nvh] [-l " "logfile" "]"



.SH DESCRIPTION
NotificaThor is a lightweight and configurable program to display on-screen-notifications on events
like changing the brightness or ejecting a disk.
.br
It consists of a userspace daemon, that runs in the background and a command-line ulity
that sends messages to the daemon.



.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
Display help message.

.TP
.B -V, --version
Display version info.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
Print verbose messages.

.TP
.B -n, --nodaemon
Don't fork to the background and print to stderr instead of syslog.

.TP
.BI "-l " logfile ", --logfile=" logfile
Write messages to filename instead of syslog.



.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
The configuration file is placed in
.IR $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/NotificaThor/rc.conf .
It follows a simple key=value scheme with the following keys:

.TP
.BI use_argb= bool
Determines wether to use an ARGB-visual for the OSD-window or not.
Using an ARGB-visual enables true transparency when using an compositing-manager
like compiz or xcompmgr.

.TP
.BI default_theme= theme-name
Specifies a filename in the themes directory to use as the default theme.

.TP
.BI osd_default_x= [:]coordinate
Specifies the default x-coordinate relative to a centered window.
A preceeding colon specifies an absolute x-coordinate.

.TP
.BI osd_default_x= [:]coordinate
Specifies the default x-coordinate relative to a centered window.
A preceeding colon specifies an absolute x-coordinate.

.TP
.BI osd_default_timeout= seconds
Default timeout in seconds after which the window disapears.



.SH THEME FILES
Theme files reside in the
.IR $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/NotificaThor/themes/ "-directory."
However, one can put files into
.IR $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/NotificaThor/ ,
which contain additional settings, such as different images.
.br
These files can be called by the
.IR --popup "-option of"
.BR thor-cli (1).
.br
.RB "For further details on theming read " NotificaThor-themes (5).



.SH OTHER FILES
.TP
.I $XDG_CACHE_HOME/NotificaThor/PID
Contains process ID of currently running daemon.

.TP
.I $XDG_CACHE_HOME/NotificaThor/socket
Socket to communication between NotificaThor and thor-cli.



.SH SIGNALS
Sosd exits gracefully on reception of SIGTERM and SIGINT.


.SH BUGS
When no theme is specified, there will be an empty window.

.SH AUTHOR
Christian Weber

.SH VERSION
0.1.1

.SH SEE ALSO
thor-cli(1), NotificaThor-themes(5)
